Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Sorry for waking all of you up so suddenly.
But right now, I need your help.
Find out where Konoha went.
I'm counting on all of you.
Sending analysis results.
Currently tracking travel route
of specified vehicle.
Please wait.
You found her?
Where is she?
Specified vehicle has entered
the premises of Akihabara Stadium.
Akihabara
Stadium
Akihabara Stadium!
16bit Sensation:
Another Layer
"U... U-U-U-U-U..."
Akihabara Stadium...
The car that abducted Konoha
was seen coming here.
That van...
Who are those people?
Going by their outfits and gear, they
don't look like regular security.
What are these guys doing
at a construction site?
What's going on here?
What's Konoha gotten herself into?
I don't know why they kidnapped
her, or where she is now.
I can't just waltz in
through the front door.
Now what, then?
That's right.
On top of constructing the stadium,
there was one other
project that got put on hold.
If that's still around, that can get me
part of the way there.
Joban New Line Project
Th-There are...
There are people trapped inside!
What is this place?!
None of this makes any sense!
A robot?
Th-That scared me...
For crying out loud!
Akihabara FOODiX AKIBA Map.pdf
Floor Guide Map B1-3F
The way forward is...
That door, huh?
The security at the Akihabara underground
market is as lax as ever.
I can make do with this.
Thanks for your hard work!
As a kid, I cracked copy protection
schemes on games all the time.
Burn hole protection, long track
protection, and CRC protection.
You could even say that part was
more fun than the actual games.
And now that I'm older, this time,
I'm hacking my way into Akiba.
I swear.
I haven't changed, even as an adult.
No, perhaps I was never
an adult to begin with.
This town is like a giant playground for me.
Even after all these decades.
Now then, for this type
of card key reader...
Looks like it's time to use this.
All right!
No one's gotten in my way so far...
But that's about to change here.
The abandoned site of the
Joban New Line project.
It was supposed to be a railway line to
connect to Tokyo, from Tsukuba to Akihabara.
But they made a last-minute decision
not to run the line through Akihabara.
Construction of the train
station was halted,
and in its place, they built the radio
tower that is Akihabara Sky Tower.
Could there have been a timeline
where this line ended up opening?
If I climb up here...
What now?
A rat?
What?
Is someone there?
Wh-What's that music?!
Over there!
Another busy day running around in circles~
I don't mind, I'm used to it by now~
Halt!
Th-They stopped.
O-Onee-sama?
Is that really you, Onee-sama?
You look exactly the same as back then.
But how?
Toya-chan!
Don't come any closer!
I-I'm sorry.
I-It's fine.
Anyway, Toya-chan, what is this place?
There's a ton of people trapped here!
Toya-chan?
Welcome to Planet Games.
Konoha Akisato-sama.
Oh, what a surprise.
Just how old are you, Original Cuu?
The genius creator behind The Last Waltz!
You should be close to 50 years old,
but you look like a young girl!
I see, I see...
You truly are an extraordinary being!
The perfect fit for this place!
Wh-Who in the world are you?!
Take me back to Akiba!
And what's the deal with this place?!
Oh, I do apologize, Ms. Konoha.
My name is Glenn Faulkner.
I'm the CEO of Planet Games Japan.
And Ms. Konoha, you happen to find
yourself in our development room.
D-Development room?
You mean for developing video games?
B-But...
I don't see any desks, or even a computer!
S-So what are these people doing, then?!
They're trapped in these weird tanks!
Why, they're working for us, of course.
You could say that they're something
like sustenance for our CI.
C-CI? Sustenance?!
Cybernetic intelligence.
Our company's glorious integrated
entertainment development system.
Ms. Konoha.
I'll be open with you and
tell you everything.
As you know, AI has surpassed
humanity in the past few years,
and all creative matters
have been left to AI.
At first, there were no problems with that.
A game that would take humans several years
could be finished by AI in a single day!
A bright new future was upon us!
Boo!
However, it wasn't long
before we reached a limit.
The things AI create end up
pretty much all being the same.
AI are completely lacking in anything
like imagination or spontaneity.
And so, the quality of a game ends up
depending yet again on time and money spent.
Game development goes right back
to becoming a numbers game.
But then we came up with an idea.
It was time once again for
humans to be put to work.
This CI is hooked up to 200 people.
All of them were originally
creative professionals.
What?!
By connecting their brains and
neural networks to computers,
the CI becomes able to consult
human sensibilities,
to create completely original games,
the likes of which no one has seen before.
24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
These people do a great
deal of work for the CI.
With compensation, of course.
AI used to assist human beings.
Now it's the other way around.
That's all there is to it.
It's not a bad deal for these folks, either.
The CI get to make use of their talent,
without any of it going to waste.
S-Still!
Say what you will, but
this is way too cruel!
Ms. Konoha.
That talent of yours...
We're the ones who can utilize it 100%.
I promise we won't put those
phenomenal gifts of yours to waste.
Okay, let us proceed, Ms. Toya!
Onee-sama.
Please enter this CI.
Starting today, you'll be...
hooked up to this system!
It feels different here than it did earlier.
Where could Konoha be?
Cuu... Cuu...
What's the deal with him?
Doesn't look like he's dead.
Cuu... Cuu...
Wait, is this a debug room?
But look at them...
They're practically zombies!
Based on the personnel
upstairs and down here,
we're not dealing with
anyone ordinary here.
Konoha... Is she all right?
I don't wanna!
Onee-sama.
You won't be in any pain
when you enter the CI.
You'll just be spending time
in a tank for a while.
That's all.
N-No!
No, I don't wanna!
Toya-chan, you've completely changed!
What's gotten into you?!
It's been over twenty years since then.
To save my company, to survive...
I needed to accept this merger.
If I didn't, my company
would have gone under!
But as a result, I ended
up getting you involved.
Toya-chan...
You've...
You've always been my idol.
I still look up to you to this day!
Creating such an incredible
game and changing the world!
I wanted to be just like you!
But I couldn't do it.
Th-That's not true!
Toya-chan, you're amazing!
You started your own company!
Y-You're way, way more
incredible than I ever was!
Really... Really!
I'm not...
I'm not a genius like you are.
But I have my employees,
and fans with expectations,
so I need to keep on creating games!
So... Onee-sama...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry...
Toya-chan...
P-Please don't cry.
I'm... I'm not...
Onee-sama?
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
The truth is that I'm no genius!
I'm nothing but ordinary!
And yet... And yet...
It's my fault that the Akiba I love is gone!
That the games I love are gone!
Even the bishojo I love are gone!
And worst of all, I was
causing you so much pain...
I hate this world, and
this way of making games!
Onee-sama...
I have a lot to thank computers for!
I mean, it's thanks to my computer
that I became a good artist!
It may not be that impressive
to anyone else,
but I learned to make art
that I thought was amazing
because of computers and
the programs on there!
But if this is where that leads us,
then to Hell with computers!
There's no joy to be had making
games in a world like this!
I'll make sure I rewrite it!
I'll make sure I completely
overwrite such a world!
I'll... I'll...
create a game to make everyone happy!
O-Onee-sama...
Goodness gracious.
I have places to be, you know.
I think that's enough catching up.
Please make up your mind, Ms. Toya.
If you refuse, then I'll take
matters into my own hands.
I'll give you three seconds.
Three.
Two.
One.
Konoha!
That voice...
Mamoru-kun!
M-Mamoru-kun?
What are you doing here?!
I'll explain later!
Right now, just run!
O-Okay!
Damn it!
What happened?!
Ah! They're getting away!
What are you doing?!
After them!
Please let them go!
Keep your hands off them!
Don't be ridiculous!
So be it.
I'll just assume command directly.
Mamoru-kun, you came to rescue me?
I-I'm not very athletic!
Besides, do you know how old I am?!
I said I would help you, but
I never agreed to all this!
I swear!
Sorry!
The robots from before!
Don't worry about them.
What?
Huh?
They're on our side now.
Our side?
Yeah.
I've hacked them to link them up
to the PC-98s in the warehouse.
What?!
I've said it countless times:
nothing can beat the PC-98!
I see them! There!
Geez, wasting our time like that...
Return to the lab!
Wh-Wh-Wh-What now, Mamoru-kun?!
What?
What?!
H-Hey, look!
Return fire!
D-Don't shoot!
I'm just an illustrator!
This way!
O-Okay!
Open!
Sesame!
Wait up!
Wh-What?!
The doors are closing.
Cut the crap! Open up!
I can't do that.
Why not?!
Is your next game an
action game or something?
I don't wanna make a game
full of dead ends like this!
Found them!
A flare?
The hell is this?
Trying to create a smokescreen?
That's cute.
Extinguishing fire.
Mamoru-kun, what was that back there?
I used a flare to set off the
fire extinguisher system.
It should buy us some time.
What are all of you idiots doing?!
How much time are you going to
waste capturing two people?!
Damn it!
Mr. Glenn!
What now?!
Targets have been spotted!
They're heading to the
surface on the cargo lift!
Cut the power to the lift!
Shut down all systems other
than the CI and this room!
Stop it already!
Oh, it's just you.
Hook me up to the CI!
I'll take Onee-sama's place!
And here I was wondering what you'd say.
You, take her place?
You'll never be fit to take her place.
Beat it.
Go and get out of my sight.
Yes!
We're almost there!
Yeah, we are.
It stopped...
M-Mamoru-kun!
The lift stopped moving!
You sure have given us a
hard time, Original Cuu.
But our game of cat and mouse ends here.
You have nowhere to run.
This is checkmate.
I don't see the need to be civil anymore.
You're getting in that CI, Konoha Akisato!
Damn it!
After we made it so far!
Stop this already!
Guards, bring both of them along.
Yes, sir!
Wh-What is that?
H-Hey, look!
What?!
U... U-U-U-U-U...
UFO?!
"The Things I Hold Dear"↵
HELP for help
MENU1      MENU2     MENU3      SPLIT         FIND           REPLACE      CUT         COPY       PASTE     TAG:JP
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk